docs: add zkVM fault proof (#24)
kroma-network/kroma-specs: specs/glossary.md

proof to be constructed for any key-value mapping encoded in the tree. Such a proof is called a Merkle proof, and can be
verified against the Merkle root.

> ZK Trie is now deprecated, and Kroma uses [Merkle Patricia Trie][mpt-details] instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZK Trie is now deprecated, and Kroma uses [Merkle Patricia Trie][mpt-details] instead after MPT hardfork.
```

[validating-epoch]: glossary.md#validating-epoch

> Number of [L2][L2] [blocks][block] where needs to be checkpointed.

Reviewer 2: How about this?
```suggestion
The number of [L2][L2] [blocks][block] that need to be checkpointed.
```
